down below the slum Dogz close in
finally a temple troops Scout spots them
and raises the alarm branches shake
tails go up eyes flash it's Code Red
Hector and bad I weigh up their battle
plans lives are at stake
gremlins out on her own she must find
her mum now and leave with the rest of
the females if the slum Dogz catch her
alone they'll show no mercy
Hector and his foot soldiers rush
forward they're hoping to hold off the
slum Dogz at the road if they cross it
they could easily lose the fig tree
[Music]
battle lines are drawn the foot soldiers
mock charge each other testing to see
who'll back down
no one's going anywhere there's too much
at stake it's too late for diplomacy now
there's only one way to end this
war
[Music]
[Applause]
the battlefield lies empty
the temple troupe have beaten off the
slum Dogz
the fig tree is still there
but there are casualties
[Music]
in the chaos of war some mothers and
their young were caught up in the fight
some monkeys didn't make it it's a
shocking reminder of how brutal gremlins
world can be the mortally wounded are
left behind never to return to their
troupe
you